README.md, before:

rating 1.01
===========

jquery rating simple &amp; easy

1. Include necessary JS and CSS files

        
            <script type="text/javascript" src="rating.js"></script>
            <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="rating.css" />
        
    

2. Create a text box element (the class "rating10" contain a num "10", this will display 10 starts)

        
            <input type="text" class="rating rating10" />
        
3. You can change size of control by adding classes "rating-size-medium" or "rating-size-small" or "rating-size-normal".
   If "rating-size-xxx" is not specified it would be interpreted as "rating-size-normal".

   <input type="text" class="rating rating10 rating-size-medium" />

4. Fire plugin using jQuery selector

        
           $(function ()
            {
                $('.rating').rating();
            });
        
    

5. When form submit, You can access these values in the server-side script using the $_POST (PHP), Request.Form (Asp or Asp.net).

6. view the demo
http://www.chukeer.com/plus/rating/example.html

Commit message:

add floating point feature. Currently it works just to show values not get values.

README.md, after:

rating 1.01
===========

jquery rating simple &amp; easy

1. Include necessary JS and CSS files

        
            <script type="text/javascript" src="rating.js"></script>
            <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="rating.css" />
        
    

2. Create a text box element (the class "rating10" contain a num "10", this will display 10 starts)

        
            <input type="text" class="rating rating10" />
        
3. You can change size of control by adding classes "rating-size-medium" or "rating-size-small" or "rating-size-normal".
   If "rating-size-xxx" is not specified it would be interpreted as "rating-size-normal".

   <input type="text" class="rating rating10 rating-size-medium" />

4. You can use floating number as value:
   
   <input type="text" class="rating rating10 rating-size-normal" value="3.4/>

5. Fire plugin using jQuery selector

        
           $(function ()
            {
                $('.rating').rating();
            });
        
    

6. When form submit, You can access these values in the server-side script using the $_POST (PHP), Request.Form (Asp or Asp.net).

7. view the demo
http://www.chukeer.com/plus/rating/example.html
